what's up this is Ryan from mobile Mars
blog and today we are unboxing and
testing the superstar backfloat speaker
from monster I have to say I love the
packaging it's kind of slick reminds me
of like an apple product let's open it
see what we got next little magnetic
clip on the side here to keep it shut
alright and here's a note from the head
monster funny
alright let's pull this thing out see
what we got this is a waterproof
Bluetooth speaker that floats in the
pool with you and we will definitely be
testing that up like most Bluetooth
speakers it let you answer calls from
your phone plays music recharges with
the included USB cable you can also
connect directly to your phone or laptop
with a 3.5 millimeter stereo audio cable
it actually comes with this mesh bag
here which seems kind of cool weighs
about a half a pound and battery life is
about seven hours it retails for about
169 bucks but I've seen it on Amazon and
a few other places for about a hundred
so now that we've run through some of
the basics I think the best thing to do
is actually take it to a pool and test
it out so we've made our way out to the
pool where we can actually test this
products claim how does it doing in
water with normal usage my goal is to
throw it in the pool and let you be the
judge of how it does so let's pair it up
alright this seems pretty easy
let's do it your device is connected
actually gets pretty loud could
obviously have to spit out some water
and whatnot and kind of reset itself
watching the water bounce off of this
thing is actually one of the cooler
things about it
the speaker actually gets pretty loud I
have to say that I'm pretty impressed
and it actually does exactly what it
claims it's going to do so this
concludes our unboxing and testing of
the monster superstar backfloat again I
think it does exactly what it says it's
going to do and I have to admit that
it's actually a little bit cooler than I
originally gave it credit for this is
Ryan from mobile Mars out